OKTA-623285: Add missing roles assignment apis for public client (#4248)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/roles/index.md

]
```

> #### List Roles assigned to a Client Application

Reviewer: Is it best to align the language with what's on redocly?
```suggestion
#### List all Roles for a Client
```

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/oauth2/v1/clients/${clientId}/roles" />

> Lists all Roles assigned to an Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all Roles assigned to a Client Application
```

##### Request parameters

| Parameter         | Description                                             | Param Type  | DataType  | Required  |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------------ | :---------- | :-------- | :-------- |

> | `clientId`           | ID of a Client Application                           | URL         | String    | TRUE      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientId`           | `clientId` of the Client Application                           | URL         | String    | TRUE      |
```

##### Response parameters

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

}
```

> #### Assign a Role to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Assign a Role to a Client
```

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/oauth2/v1/clients/${clientId}/roles" />

> Assigns a Role to a Group

Reviewer: Is this correct? Where did "group" come from?
```suggestion
Assigns a Role to a Client
```

Author: Copy paste error :)

##### Request parameters

| Parameter       | Description                   | Param Type   | DataType                    | Required |
| :-------------- | :---------------------------- | :----------- | :-------------------------- | :------- |

> | `clientId`         | ID of a Client Application | URL          | String                      | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientId`         | `clientId` of the Client application | URL          | String                      | TRUE     |
```

| `type`            | Type of Role to assign      | Body         | [Role Type](#role-types)    | TRUE     |

##### Response parameters

The assigned [Role](#role-object)

##### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
-d '{
      "type": "HELP_DESK_ADMIN"
}' "https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/clients/0oa5vymVNCe2cPEeZ0g4/roles"
```

###### Response example

```json
{ 
    "id": "JBCUYUC7IRCVGS27IFCE2SKO",
    "label": "Help Desk Administrator",
    "type": "HELP_DESK_ADMIN",
    "status": "ACTIVE",
    "created": "2023-05-01T14:24:54.000Z",
    "lastUpdated": "2023-05-01T14:24:54.000Z",
    "assignmentType": "CLIENT",
    "_links": {
        "assignee": {
            "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/clients/0oa5vymVNCe2cPEeZ0g4"
        }
    }
}
```

> #### Assign a Custom Role to a User, Group or Client Application

Reviewer: @vasishtajayanti-okta I can't seem to find this operation on the redocly site. Can you help?

> #### Assign a Custom Role to a User, Group or Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Assign a Custom Role to a User, Group, or Client
```

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/groups/${groupId}/roles" />

Or to assign to a Client Application:

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/oauth2/v1/clients/${clientId}/roles" />

as long as the request body contains a Custom `role` ID and a `resource-set` ID. Also, `type` must be `CUSTOM`.

##### Request parameters

| Parameter                       | Description                 | Param Type   | DataType                    | Required |
| :--------------------           | :-------------------------- | :----------- | :-------------------------- | :------- |

> | `userId`, `groupId`, `clientId` | User ID or Group ID         | URL          | String                      | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `userId`, `groupId`, `clientId` | User ID, Group ID, or Client ID         | URL          | String                      | TRUE     |
```

| `type`                          | Type of Role to assign      | Body         | String literal: `CUSTOM`    | TRUE     |

> | `role`                          | ID of the Custom Role       | Body         | String                      | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `role`                          | `roleId` of the Custom Role       | Body         | String                      | TRUE     |
```

  }
}
```

> #### Assign an IAM-based Standard Role to a User or Group or Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Assign an IAM-based Standard Role to a User, Group, or Client
```

HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

> #### Unassign a Role from a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Unassign a Role from a Client
```

<ApiOperation method="delete" url="/oauth2/v1/clients/${clientId}/roles/${roleId}" />

> Unassigns a Role from a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unassigns a Role from a Client
```

##### Request parameters

| Parameter       | Description                  | Param Type   | DataType   | Required |
| :-------------- | :--------------------------- | :----------- | :--------- | :------- |

> | `clientId`      | ID of a Client Application   | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientId`      | `clientId` of the Client Application   | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

> | `roleId`        | ID of a Role                 | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `roleId`        | `roleId` of the Role                 | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

##### Response parameters

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

##### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X DELETE \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/clients/0oa5vymVNCe2cPEeZ0g4/roles/JBCUYUC7IRCVGS27IFCE2SKO"
```

##### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

> #### Unassign a Custom Role from a User or Group or Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Unassign a Custom Role from a User, Group, or Client
```

        "created": "2019-02-27T15:19:11.000Z",
        "lastUpdated": "2019-02-27T15:19:11.000Z",
        "lastMembershipUpdated": "2019-02-27T15:19:11.000Z",
        "objectClass": [
            "okta:user_group"
        ],
        "type": "OKTA_GROUP",
        "profile": {
            "name": "userGroup0",
            "description": null
        },
        "_links": {
            "logo": [
                {
                    "name": "medium",
                    "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/assets/img/logos/groups/okta-medium.d7fb831bc4e7e1a5d8bd35dfaf405d9e.png",
                    "type": "image/png"
                },
                {
                    "name": "large",
                    "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/assets/img/logos/groups/okta-large.511fcb0de9da185b52589cb14d581c2c.png",
                    "type": "image/png"
                }
            ],
            "users": {
                "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/00gsrc96agspOaiP40g3/users"
            },
            "apps": {
                "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/00gsrc96agspOaiP40g3/apps"
            }
        }
    }
]
```

> ##### List Group targets for a group administrator role given to a client application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### List all Group Targets
```

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/oauth2/v1/clients/${clientId}/roles/${roleId}/targets/groups" />

> Lists all Group targets for a `USER_ADMIN` or `HELP_DESK_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all Group targets by `clientId` and `roleId`
```

Author: Prefer to keep this, as the endpoint is only applicable for these roles.

###### Request parameters

| Parameter       | Description                                                    | Param Type   | DataType   | Required |
| :-------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------- | :--------- | :------- |

> | `after`           | Specifies the pagination cursor for the next page of targets   | Query        | String     | FALSE    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `after`           | The cursor to use for pagination. It is an opaque string that specifies your current location in the list and is obtained from the `Link` response header. See [Pagination](/docs/api/#pagination).   | Query        | String     | FALSE    |
```

> | `clientId`        | ID of a Client Application                                     | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientId`        | `clientId` of the Client Application                                     | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

> | `limit`           | Specifies the number of results for a page (default is 20)     | Query        | Number     | FALSE    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `limit`           | A limit on the number of objects to return (default is 20)     | Query        | Integer     | FALSE    |
```

> | `roleId`          | ID of a Role                                                 | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `roleId`          | `roleId` of the Role                                                 | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

> Treat the page cursor as an opaque value. You can obtain it through the next link relation. See [Pagination](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#pagination).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `after` cursor should be treated as an opaque value and obtained through the next link relation.
```

###### Response parameters

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

###### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X PUT \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users/00u6fud33CXDPBXULRNG/roles/KVJUKUS7IFCE2SKO/targets/groups/00garkxjAHDYPFcsP0g4"
```

###### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

##### Assign a Group target to a group administrator Role given to a Group

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/api/v1/groups/${groupId}/roles/${roleId}/targets/groups/${targetGroupId}" />

Assigns a Group target to a `USER_ADMIN` or `HELP_DESK_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Group

When you assign the first Group target, you reduce the scope of the role assignment. The Role no longer applies to all targets but applies only to the specified target.

###### Request parameters

| Parameter            | Description                                     | Param Type   | DataType   | Required |
| :------------------- | :---------------------------------------------- | :----------- | :--------- | :------- |

> | `groupId`              | ID of an admin Group                          | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `groupId`              | `groupId` of an admin Group                          | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

> | `roleId`               | ID of a Role                                  | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `roleId`               | `roleId` of a Role                                  | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

> | `targetGroupId`        | ID of the Group target to scope role assignment   | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `targetGroupId`        | `targetGroupId` of the Group target to scope role assignment   | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

###### Response parameters

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

###### Request example

```bash
curl -v -X PUT \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/00gsr2IepS8YhHRFf0g3/roles/JBCUYUC7IRCVGS27IFCE2SKO/targets/groups/00gsrhsUaRoUib0XQ0g3"
```

###### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

> ##### Assign a Group target to a group administrator Role given to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Assign a Group target to a group administrator Role given to a Client
```

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/oauth2/v1/clients/${clientId}/roles/${roleId}/targets/groups/${targetGroupId}" />

> Assigns a Group target to a `USER_ADMIN` or `HELP_DESK_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assigns a Group target to a `USER_ADMIN` or `HELP_DESK_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client
```

| Parameter            | Description                                     | Param Type   | DataType   | Required |
| :------------------- | :---------------------------------------------- | :----------- | :--------- | :------- |

> | `clientId`             | ID of an Client Application                   | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientId`             | ID of the Client Application                   | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

> ##### Remove a Group target from a group administrator role given to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Remove a Group target from a group administrator role given to a Client
```

<ApiOperation method="delete" url="/oauth2/v1/clients/${clientId}/roles/${roleId}/targets/groups/${targetGroupId}" />

> Removes a Group target from a `USER_ADMIN` or `HELP_DESK_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes a Group target from a `USER_ADMIN` or `HELP_DESK_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client
```

]
```

> ##### List App targets for App administrator role given to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### List App targets for App administrator Role given to a Client
```

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/oauth2/v1/clients/${clientId}/roles/${roleId}/targets/catalog/apps" />

> Lists all the App targets for an `APP_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all the App targets for an `APP_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client
```

###### Request Parameters

| Parameter   | Description                                                    | Param Type   | DataType   | Required |
| :---------- | :------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------- | :--------- | :------- |

> | `after`       | Specifies the pagination cursor for the next page of targets | Query        | String     | FALSE    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `after`       | The cursor to use for pagination. It is an opaque string that specifies your current location in the list and is obtained from the `Link` response header. See [Pagination](/docs/api/#pagination).  | Query        | String     | FALSE    |
```

> | `clientId`     | ID of a Client Application                                  | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientId`     | `clientId` of the Client Application                                  | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

> | `limit`       | Specifies the number of results for a page (default is 20)   | Query        | Number     | FALSE    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `limit`       | A limit on the number of objects to return (default is 20)   | Query        | Integer     | FALSE    |
```

> | `roleId`      | ID of a Role                                                 | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `roleId`      | `roleId` of the Role                                                 | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

> Treat the page cursor as an opaque value. You can obtain it through the next link relation. See [Pagination](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#pagination).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `after` cursor should be treated as an opaque value and obtained through the next link relation.
```

HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

> ##### Assign an App target to an App administrator Role given to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Assign an App target to an App administrator Role given to a Client
```

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/oauth2/v1/clients/${clientId}/roles/${roleId}/targets/catalog/apps/${appName}" />

> Assigns an App target to an `APP_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assigns an App target to an `APP_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client
```

When you assign the first App target, you reduce the scope of the role assignment. The Role no longer applies to all App targets but applies only to the specified target.

An App target that is assigned overrides any existing instance targets of the app. For example, if someone is assigned to administer a specific Facebook instance, a call to this endpoint with `facebook` for `appName` would make that person the administrator for all Facebook instances.

###### Request parameters

| Parameter   | Description                                                  | Param Type   | DataType   | Required |
| :---------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- | :----------- | :--------- | :------- |

> | `clientId`    | ID of a Client Application                                 | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientId`    | `clientId` of the Client Application                                 | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

> | `roleId`      | ID of a Role                                               | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `roleId`      | `clientId` of the Role                                               | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

> ##### Assign an App Instance target to an App administrator Role given to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Assign an App Instance target to an App administrator Role given to a Client
```

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/oauth2/v1/clients/${clientId}/roles/${roleId}/targets/catalog/apps/${appName}/${appInstanceId}" />

> Assigns an App Instance target to an `APP_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assigns an App Instance target to an `APP_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client
```

When you assign the first App or App Instance target, you reduce the scope of the role assignment. The Role no longer applies to all App targets, but applies only to the specified target.

> **Note:** You can target a mixture of both App and App Instance targets, but can't assign permissions to manage all the instances of an App and then a subset of that same App. For example, you can't specify that an admin has access to manage all the instances of a Salesforce app and then also specific configurations of the Salesforce app.

###### Request parameters

| Parameter         | Description                                                  | Param Type   | DataType   | Required |
| :---------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- | :----------- | :--------- | :------- |
| `appInstanceId`     | ID of the App Instance target to scope role assignment     | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
| `appName`           | Name of the App target from the catalog to scope role assignment   | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

> | `clientId`          | ID of a Client Application                                 | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientId`          | `clientId` of the Client Application                                 | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

> | `roleId`            | ID of a Role                                               | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `roleId`            | `roleId` of the Role                                               | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

> ##### Remove an App target from an App administrator role given to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Remove an App target from an App administrator role given to a Client
```

<ApiOperation method="delete" url="/oauth2/v1/clients/${clientId}/roles/${roleId}/targets/catalog/apps/${appName}" />

> Removes an App target from an `APP_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes an App target from an `APP_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client
```

> **Note:** Don't remove the last App target from a role assignment, as it causes an exception. If you need a role assignment that applies to all the Apps, the API consumer should delete the `APP_ADMIN` role assignment and recreate it.

###### Request parameters

| Parameter   | Description                                | Param Type   | DataType   | Required |
| :---------- | :----------------------------------------- | :----------- | :--------- | :------- |
| `appName`     | Name of the App target for role assignment   | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

> | `clientId`    | ID of a Client Application               | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientId`    | `clientId` of the Client Application               | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

> | `roleId`      | ID of a Role                             | URL          | String     | TRUE     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `roleId`      | `roleId` of the Role                             | URL          | String     | TRUE     |
```

HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

> ##### Remove an App instance target from an App administrator role given to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Remove an App instance target from an App administrator role given to a Client
```

<ApiOperation method="delete" url="/oauth2/v1/clients/${clientId}/roles/${roleId}/targets/catalog/apps/${appName}/${appInstanceId}" />

> Removes an App Instance target from an `APP_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes an App Instance target from an `APP_ADMIN` Role assigned to a Client
```
